[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
drama film mr nobody
spoiler ahead watch out and take care in
the distant future 2092
human beings have achieved immortality
through electromagnetic cell technology
they no longer have to suffer from
illnesses and aging though at the cost
of infertility
nemo is the last mortal on earth he is
already 117 years old
but he insists that he is only 34 and
was born in 1975
everyone thinks he has lost his memory
no trace of his identity has been found
and his past remains a mystery therefore
everyone calls him mr nobody
mr nobody will spend the rest of his
life under the live camera
and all the people will vote to decide
whether to let him die in natural death
or to artificially prolong his existence
when he looks into the mirror and sees
an old man with such a wrinkled face
he cries out in panic claiming that that
must be a dream
and struggling to wake himself up in
order to figure out his past
the doctor uses one of the oldest
hypnosis to enter his unconsciousness
which traces back to the time before his
birth
all the children will stay in heaven
before they are reborn
they know everything about the past of
their different lives but before sending
them back
again to the world angels of oblivion
will place their finger on each child's
mouth
and make a mark on their lips that
ritual will wipe out all the memories
they have
however angels forget about nemo
therefore
he is able to remember his different
lives before reincarnation
every child has to find a dad and a mom
first
nemo chose the blonde woman who smelled
nice with some hormone flavor
so she became his mom in this life he is
the only one who can see the future
and everything that is going to happen
is within his control
he once told his mom about the secret of
angels of oblivion
but his crazy words were not taken
seriously
once back home neo saw his mom cheating
with a man in a grove
he was so resentful and sad for the
mom's disloyalty to his father
his dad and mom had been quarreling all
the time not long after
they ended up with a divorce later at
the crossroads of the train platform
nemo had to make a choice either to go
with his mom or to stay with his dad
he kept wandering between his mom and
dad finding it so hard to make a choice
as the train was pulling away nemo made
up his mind
and chose to go with his mom for
everybody else
there's no way to test which one is
better if he chooses one
he has to give up the other however nemo
is able to remember his each past life
if one doesn't do good for him he can
make a different choice for his next
life
his love stories all started with the
three girls he met when he was a child
they were the girl in red the girl in
blue and the girl in yellow
he fell in love with red at first sight
at the school swimming class
days later in field activity when red
invited him to swim with her
much to her anger he just told her that
her friends were all
idiots and he didn't want to go swimming
with idiots
red thought he was such a jerk so she
walked away
nemo had no idea what had made him say
like that
years later by chance he met red again
who's already become the mom of two kids
nemo regretted it a lot therefore he
ended this life
got reborn and went back to the time
when red invited him to swim
this time he bravely admitted the fact
that he could not swim
and asked red to keep the secret for him
red however
had a crush on nemo because of his
frankness
but in this life red turned out to be
his stepfather's daughter
his stepsister despite that these two
continued their hormone game
without telling their parents they spent
all the time together
getting pleasure and excitement from
their disgusting relationship
later their parents found out their
affair saying it was so sick
and intolerable to their eyes in order
to separate them
his mom and stepfather broke up and left
for different cities
so the two had to say goodbye to each
other
red was still in deep love with nemo so
she asked him to wait for her at the
lighthouse every sunday
until they met again however red never
showed up
nemo's mom received all the letters by
red sending from new york
in rage she tore up all of them and
persuaded nemo to start a new life
when he was 34 years old his car ran off
the road into a river
and was drowned he thought this path did
not work for him either
so when he sent back to the crossroads
again in the next life
he made a new choice this time he chose
to stay with his dad to start a whole
new life
he became interested in writing science
fiction novels
when he saw the girl blue he also had
affection for her
at that time blue was just dumped by her
boyfriend and was heartbroken
therefore nemo was a great relief to her
due to the hormone effect the two played
a hormone game that night
fantastic but too fast later however
when he saw blue again blue was back
together with her rich boyfriend
nemo drove away on his motorcycle taking
all his anger out on the throttle
he fell into the grove along the road
and became a vegetable
he realized that this was a dead end for
him so he would rather start over with a
different life
this time nemo was no longer a coward he
chose to tell blue that he loved her
the blue was just dumped by her
boyfriend and was suffering from an
emotional and hormonal void
she still turned him down she told nemo
that though her boyfriend did not love
her
she was still in deep love with him
however nemo didn't give up
thanks to his persistence he finally won
blue's heart
they got married later however not long
after that
a car accident took blue's life and nemo
was seriously injured too
at the age of 34 nemo became an
astronaut and successfully went to the
space station
he met red there and was about to start
a relationship with her
however and subsequent explosion in
space ended his life soon
obviously that life was not what he
wanted either
therefore he once again went back to the
time before the accident
to start over with blue however blue
never really loved nemo deep inside her
their incomplete marriage was fated to
fail
crying all day long blue thought her
life was passing her by
and felt her guilt was going to flutter
so blue left nemo
this life proved to be a dead end once
again
after so many frustrations nemo made a
totally differently choice
when he was seven in a new life he met
blue again
at the bar but this time he made a
completely opposite choice
he chosen married yellow who is an asian
girl
but definitely not the one he was in
love with for he just wanted to marry
the first girl
who volunteered to dance with him
however
it proved to be a stupid decision as his
marriage life was like a nightmare
he was completely lost in a fake
identity which he could not recognize
he even made all his decisions randomly
by a coin toss
there were so many times that he tried
to drown himself
he narrowly escaped from a train's crush
but ended up being killed by two
assassins by mistake
he did not care about how yellow felt
though he saw his own death
he did not want to do anything to change
it at all that life obviously did not
work for him either
after so many different life paths he
had gone through
when once again standing at the
crossroads where his parent broke up
he finally realized the underlying logic
of fate
life is like a game of chess in which
every single move is zug's way
the only viable move is not to take any
action which means not making choices
anymore because every option has an
arranged ending
nemo will die at the age of 34 no matter
which
choice he makes those lives exist at the
same time
and are equally important the
seven-year-old boy at the crossroads
already saw his future
but he did not make a choice this time
instead
he ran to the other side of the
crossroads spending his whole life alone
at the lighthouse
many years later nemo and red finally
met again at the train station
they were still in deep love with each
other red had been pretending to be
alive for the past years waiting to be
together with nemo again
to live a meaningful life the two had
not seen each other for such a long time
but enjoyed a fast hormone reunion
though
red gave nemo her number and left
promising she would meet him in two days
at the lighthouse unfortunately a sudden
downpour made her note illegible
the two lost contact unfortunately
at the last moment of his life nemo
finally met red again this life path is
the only one that has led to somewhere
so he has lived to 117 years old
it's revealed that all the other short
lives have actually not happened yet
they only exist in the imagination of a
seven-year-old boy
when the boy decides not to make choices
anymore
the mirages of the city buildings
outside the window are taken apart
and all the parallel worlds collapse
suddenly
everything disappears in the final scene
nemo goes back to the crossroads and
draws a closed loop
in fact no matter whether nemo makes a
choice or not
all the lives previewed in his mind
exist and are equally important
starting from the big bang and being
like the preset springs
they will spontaneously develop into
different life paths
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out